Support array for all string ingest processors (#53343)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/ingest/processors/lowercase.asciidoc

[[lowercase-processor]]
=== Lowercase Processor

> Converts a string to its lowercase equivalent. If the field value is an array, all members will be converted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Converts a string to its lowercase equivalent. If the field is an array of strings, all members of the array will be converted.
```
